refactor(web): refactor web operator (#729)
instill-ai/pipeline-backend: pkg/component/operator/web/v0/.compogen/scrape_page.mdx

  **Example**: `#header`
  Extracts the element with the `id` of `header`.

- **Class Selector**: Targets all elements with a specific class name.
  **Example**: `.button`
  Extracts all elements with the class `button`.

- **Attribute Selector**: Targets elements based on the presence or value of an attribute.
  **Example**: `[type="text"]`
  Extracts all elements with a `type` attribute equal to `text`.

- **Descendant Selector**: Targets elements that are nested within other elements.
  **Example**: `div p`
  Extracts all `<p>` elements that are inside `<div>` elements.

#### About Dynamic Content
`TASK_SCRAPE_PAGE` supports to fetch dynamic content from web pages while simulating user behaviors, such as scrolling down. The initial implementation includes the following capabilities:

Scrolling:
- Mimics user scrolling down the page to load additional content dynamically.

Future enhancements will include additional user interactions, such as:
- Clicking: Simulate mouse clicks on specified elements.
- Taking Screenshots: Capture screenshots of the current view.
- Keyboard Actions: Simulate key presses and other keyboard interactions.

> This function aims to provide a robust framework for interacting with web pages and extracting dynamic content effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `TASK_SCRAPE_PAGE` aims to provide a robust framework for interacting with web pages and extracting dynamic content effectively.
```
